going on youtube April got our mark we
got our mystery tackle box for the month
to open it up shoot we got some month
first thing we got is our card telling
us about each lure how to work it the
price of each lure firstly we got is a
slop run made by the slop frog bait
that's the nice thing about mystery
tackle boxes I've never seen this
product before so now I can't wait to
get it out of the water to see what it
can do second beat is a tiny Buster by
strike pro got a nice random in it kind
of a wake bake walk the dog with this
you can crank it slow sinking next thing
we got is a 2-pack of one on hooks I
must add
we have a three pack of Lake Fork
swimming slugs
and everybody's probably seen these the
ocho KVD by striking really nice babe we
got our KVD sticker we got our mystery
tackle box sticker great for any car
window truck window in first box 499 you
guys can go on to mystery tackle boxes
website put in the promo card code get
499 and get your first box for 499 how
you guys can pass that up again people
ask me every month do you like it I love
it it's like Christmas look at all the
lures so let's take a closer look at
each lure and so you guys can get a
better look at